README.md, before:

# blog.calebnance.com

Originally my blog was a Joomla 1.5 website, I've recently converted it to [Jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll). I took into account almost all pages; I was able to redirect or re-create the original urls for posts/categories with ease. I am so impressed with Jekyll and wanted to share my findings here. I'll probably write some blog posts about them as well.  

### [Google Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/) Score
- Performance: **97/100**
- Progressive Web App: **100/100**
- Accessibility: **100/100**
- Best Practices: **88/100**
- SEO: **100/100**

### View This Code To See Examples Of:
- Environment handling builds
- Templating with Jekyll
    - Multiple layout usage
    - Layouts & Includes broken out
    - Post layout type
    - Flat tutorial layout type
- Post tags
- Post Category(ies)
- Post Disqus Comment implementation
- Google Analytics
- Related posts
- Posted and Updated date support
- Progressive Web App

### Plugins & Gems
Below are the plugins and gems I've used:  
- [jekyll-feed](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-feed)  
- [jekyll-sitemap](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-sitemap)  
- [jekyll-redirect-from](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-redirect-from)  
- [octopress-minify-html](https://github.com/octopress/minify-html)  

### Syntax Highlighter
- [Rouge](https://github.com/jneen/rouge)

### Requirements
* Brew
  * [Install Brew](https://brew.sh/)
  * `$ /usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"`
* Ruby
  * `$ brew install ruby`

### Jekyll Commands
**Install Bundler and Jekyll Gems**
`$ gem install jekyll bundler`

**Bundle**  
`$ bundle install`  

**Serve Locally**  
`$ jekyll serve --incremental`  
`$ bundle exec jekyll serve --incremental`  
`$ bundle exec jekyll serve --livereload`

**Build Locally**  
`$ jekyll build`  
`$ bundle exec jekyll build`  
`$ bundle exec jekyll build --watch`

**Build for Production**  
`$ JEKYLL_ENV=production jekyll build`  
`$ JEKYLL_ENV=production bundle exec jekyll build`

Commit message:

no longer need to prepend 'bundle exec' to build/serve commands

README.md, after:

# blog.calebnance.com

Originally my blog was a Joomla 1.5 website, I've recently converted it to [Jekyll](https://github.com/jekyll). I took into account almost all pages; I was able to redirect or re-create the original urls for posts/categories with ease. I am so impressed with Jekyll and wanted to share my findings here. I'll probably write some blog posts about them as well.  

### [Google Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/) Score
- Performance: **97/100**
- Progressive Web App: **100/100**
- Accessibility: **100/100**
- Best Practices: **88/100**
- SEO: **100/100**

### View This Code To See Examples Of:
- Environment handling builds
- Templating with Jekyll
    - Multiple layout usage
    - Layouts & Includes broken out
    - Post layout type
    - Flat tutorial layout type
- Post tags
- Post Category(ies)
- Post Disqus Comment implementation
- Google Analytics
- Related posts
- Posted and Updated date support
- Progressive Web App

### Plugins & Gems
Below are the plugins and gems I've used:  
- [jekyll-feed](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-feed)  
- [jekyll-sitemap](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-sitemap)  
- [jekyll-redirect-from](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-redirect-from)  
- [octopress-minify-html](https://github.com/octopress/minify-html)  

### Syntax Highlighter
- [Rouge](https://github.com/jneen/rouge)

### Requirements
* Brew
  * [Install Brew](https://brew.sh/)
  * `$ /usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"`
* Ruby
  * `$ brew install ruby`

### Jekyll Commands
**Install Bundler and Jekyll Gems**
`$ gem install jekyll bundler`

**Bundle**  
`$ bundle install`  

**Serve Locally**  
`$ jekyll serve --incremental`  
`$ jekyll serve --livereload`

**Build Locally**  
`$ jekyll build`  
`$ jekyll build --watch`

**Build for Production**  

***remember to comment out minify_html in config.xml***
`$ JEKYLL_ENV=production jekyll build`  

prepend `exec jekyll` as needed
